beps/0003: service and rollout updates + move to implementable (#22976)
backstage/backstage: beps/0003-auth-architecture-evolution/README.md

  dangerouslyDisableServiceAuth: true
```

The exact impact that this has is that it disables the check in the `HttpRouterService` implementation, effectively applying the `unauthenticated` access level to all routes. Furthermore, it will also change `AuthService` so that the `getPluginRequestToken()` method will now issue an empty token for a `'none'` principal, rather than throwing.

## Release Plan

The existing `IdentityService` and `TokenManagerService` will be deprecated and instead implemented in terms of the new `AuthService`.

> The new `AuthService` and `HttpAuthService` will need backwards compatible implementations for the old backend system. The plan is to not apply any access restrictions for the old Backend system, only implementing that in the new system. The backwards compatibility helpers will use the provided `identity` and `tokenManager` services if available, and plugins should provide fallbacks in the same way as they currently do. If these are not provided, the `identity` client will fall back to `DefaultIdentityClient`, and `tokenManager` will fall back `ServicerTokenManager.noop()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new `AuthService` and `HttpAuthService` will need backwards compatible implementations for the old backend system. The plan is to not apply any access restrictions for the old Backend system, only implementing that in the new system. The backwards compatibility helpers will use the provided `identity` and `tokenManager` services if available, and plugins should provide fallbacks in the same way as they currently do. If these are not provided, the `identity` client will fall back to `DefaultIdentityClient`, and `tokenManager` will fall back to `ServicerTokenManager.noop()`.
```

- `httpAuth.credentials(...)`: Use original implementation.
- `httpAuth.issueUserCookie(...)`: This is a no-op as we do not need to support cookie auth in the legacy adapter.

With this compatibility layer in place all plugins will be refactored to always use the new `AuthService` and `HttpAuthService` internally. The old deprecated services are only accepted at the public API boundaries, i.e. `createRouter` and similar. All plugin code beyond that point uses the new services.

We do not roll out support for the new auth services for the old backend system, the full implementation is only supported in the new backend system. In particular this means that the new default protection in the `HttpRouterService` only apply to the new backend system.

Users of the old backend system may already have their own protection set up, which we need to take into account, ensuring that we do not break these existing implementations.

> Several API clients will be updated to support passing `BackstageCredentials` instead of a token, although it is not a requirement to update all clients. In particular we hold of on migration isomorphic clients, leaving them to keep consuming tokens where possible. Adding support for credentials to be passed to these clients is a separate future improvement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Several API clients will be updated to support passing `BackstageCredentials` instead of a token, although it is not a requirement to update all clients. In particular we will hold off on migrating isomorphic clients, leaving them to keep consuming tokens where possible. Adding support for credentials to be passed to these clients is a separate future improvement.
```
